Add colour to PR Template and tweak CONTRIBUTING and README files (#6312)
github/linguist: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

      - [URL to each sample source, if applicable]
    - Sample license(s):
  - [ ] I have included a syntax highlighting grammar: [URL to grammar repo]

>       <!-- Setting a color is only needed for 'programming' and 'markup' languages and will default to `#cccccc` if not specified. -->

Reviewer: This comment contradicts itself: either a coloUr is "needed" by `programming`/`markup`-type languages, or it defaults to `#cccccc`.

Also, this explanation doesn't take into account languages that users have opted to include in their language-stats (with `language-detectable`). Since having a colour benefits `prose`- and `data`-type languages this way, I'd keep this on the short-and-sweet side:

```suggestion
      <!-- Setting a colour is strongly recommended, but optional: `#cccccc` is used by default -->
```

Author: Makes sense to me, but sadly, it's got to be 🇺🇸 "color" cos that's the GitHub standard.

>   - [ ] I have added a color: [Enter color in hex as `#123456` so the color can be seen in the PR body]

Reviewer: This is a nice-to-have, but it shouldn't be necessary, IMHO. New users are less likely to bother with submissions if there's an excess of instructions they have to follow.

>     - I chose this color because: [Please specify why you chose this color. It helps in future if there is a request to change the color.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Hex value: `#RRGGBB`
    - Rationale: <!-- Please specify why you chose this colour (if it was randomly selected, please say so); it helps arbitrate future requests to change a language's colour -->
```
